feat: new logger api (#5020)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reference/Errors.md

The logger should have all these methods: `'info'`, `'error'`,
`'debug'`, `'fatal'`, `'warn'`, `'trace'`, `'child'`.

#### FST_ERR_LOG_INVALID_LOGGER_INSTANCE
<a id="FST_ERR_LOG_INVALID_LOGGER_INSTANCE"></a>

> The loggerInstance only accepts a logger object, not config. See ([#4624](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/issues/4624))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The loggerInstance only accepts a logger instance, not a configuration object. See ([#4624](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/issues/4624))
```

The logger should have all these methods: `'info'`, `'error'`,
`'debug'`, `'fatal'`, `'warn'`, `'trace'`, `'child'`.

#### FST_ERR_LOG_INVALID_LOGGER_INSTANCE
<a id="FST_ERR_LOG_INVALID_LOGGER_INSTANCE"></a>

The loggerInstance only accepts a logger instance, not configuration object. 

> See ([#4624](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/issues/4624))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

We should have self contained docs. I dont see any additional information in the issue. :)

The logger should have all these methods: `'info'`, `'error'`,
`'debug'`, `'fatal'`, `'warn'`, `'trace'`, `'child'`.

#### FST_ERR_LOG_INVALID_LOGGER_INSTANCE
<a id="FST_ERR_LOG_INVALID_LOGGER_INSTANCE"></a>

> The loggerInstance only accepts a logger instance, not configuration object. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The loggerInstance only accepts a logger instance, not a configuration object. 
```

#### FST_ERR_LOG_INVALID_LOGGER_CONFIG
<a id="FST_ERR_LOG_INVALID_LOGGER_CONFIG"></a>

The logger option only accepts a configuration object, not a logger instance. 
To pass an instance, use `'loggerInstance'` instead.

> #### FST_ERR_LOG_INVALID_LOGGER_CONFIG_AND_LOGGER_INSTANCE

Reviewer 2: nitpick: I dont like the error code. 
maybe better:

FST_ERR_LOGGER_AND_LOGGER_INSTANCE_PROVIDED

<a id="FST_ERR_LOG_LOGGER_AND_LOGGER_INSTANCE_PROVIDED"></a>

> You cannot provide both `'logger'` and `'loggerInstance'`. Please provide only one

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You cannot provide both `'logger'` and `'loggerInstance'`. Please provide only one option.
```

> You cannot provide both `'logger'` and `'loggerInstance'`. Please provide any one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You cannot provide `'logger'` and `'loggerInstance'`. Only provide one option.
```

The logger should have all these methods: `'info'`, `'error'`,
`'debug'`, `'fatal'`, `'warn'`, `'trace'`, `'child'`.

#### FST_ERR_LOG_INVALID_LOGGER_INSTANCE
<a id="FST_ERR_LOG_INVALID_LOGGER_INSTANCE"></a>

> The loggerInstance only accepts a logger instance, not a configuration object. 

Reviewer 4: https://fastify.dev/docs/latest/Reference/Logging/

Seems still oudated? Received this error with old `logger: {info...}`

Reviewer 3: First, this is over a year old. Open an issue if you have encountered a problem. Second, you have not provided enough information to understand what you are asking. Please provide details in your issue.
